USHIFT-4115: Manifest deletion (#3927)
openshift/microshift: docs/user/howto_config.md

oc get pods -n busybox
```

### Deleting Manifests

> MicroShift also supports manifest deletion for removal or upgrade scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroShift supports resource deletion for data removal or upgrade scenarios.
```

> Upgrade scenarios include situations where some objects should be removed, but not all of them to keep the data.

Reviewer: May I suggest to reorder the paragraphs in this section?
* General statement
* Example of delete command and subdirs
* The "simple" delete scenario
* A more complex upgrade scenario with an example.

MicroShift scans `delete` subdirectories of configured manifests directory.

> Given default configuration, MicroShift will run `kubectl delete -k --ignore-not-found=true .` for any kustomization file found in following paths:
> - `/etc/microshift/manifests/delete`,
> - `/etc/microshift/manifests.d/delete/*`,
> - `/usr/lib/microshift/manifests/delete`,
> - `/usr/lib/microshift/manifests.d/delete/*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the default configuration, MicroShift will run `kubectl delete -k --ignore-not-found=true .` for any kustomization file found in following paths:
- `/etc/microshift/manifests/delete`
- `/etc/microshift/manifests.d/delete/*`
- `/usr/lib/microshift/manifests/delete`
- `/usr/lib/microshift/manifests.d/delete/*`
```

For delete scenarios, just move the existing manifest to one of the `delete` directories.

> For resource removal in upgrade scenarios, it is enough to specify group, version, kind, name, and namespace of an object - it does not need to include `spec`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For resource removal in upgrade scenarios, is it not necessary to include `spec`. Specify `group`, `version`, `kind`, `name` and `namespace` of an object. 
For example:
```

```yaml
# kustomization.yaml
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
resources:
  - all_resources.yaml

# all_resources.yaml
kind: DaemonSet
apiVersion: apps/v1
metadata:
  name: multus
  namespace: openshift-multus
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: DaemonSet
metadata:
  name: dhcp-daemon
  namespace: openshift-multus
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
